1.  How we store terraform state file and what is it?
2.  Terraform destroy.
3.  what are the provider used in terraform
4.  which module you worked in terraform
5.  Do you know aobut private module.
6.  what are the pre-requisite creating infra in terraform
7.  Terraform workspace
8.  what are the key concepts of terraform
9.  if you are having the state file how can you lock that file.
10. Docker, Kuberentes(Basic for now)
11. kubernetes - state fullsit.
12. demonsit
13. secrets in cluster
14. can you explain the CI part.
15. which tool you use for CI.

linux virtual memory system

linux commands

what is pod

what is kubernetes and why it is used

what is ci/cd pipelines

SQL practice [where and having] -> 5th highest salary from employee table

ourter join vs inner join./ Types of join.

diff b/w where and having

Deployment architecture

difference between var and varchar

nodes of k8s --> manage node

permissions/file permissions in Linux

diff. b/w ls and ls -lrt


Duration: 45 mins

1. How the system was deployed before moving to cloud and after moving to the cloud?

2. How we deploy an application on a server?

3. how to write dockerfile?

4. what is security incident?

5. Types of security incident?

6. While defining the stages of the pipeline in a multistage deployment, how can we specify that the third stage should be executed at 7 am in the morning?

7. How we can ensure that data from our blob storage account can be there inside Azure SQL database?

8. How can we secure the blob storage account?

9. Two types of branching in GIT?

10. How we can push a local image from our local directory to a private registry?

11. How we can push a local image from our local directory to a Web App?

12. How to export a visual from Grafana to a web app?

13. How we can get the key of a blob storage account or cosmos DB in a variable which is declared in our configuration file?

14. If we want to give access to a person to check the logs in a resource group them which level of access we will provide?

15. How can we get the code from GIT while creating a pipeline using Azure DevOps?

16. How we create CI/CD pipeline using Azure DevOps?

17. How we create CI/CD pipeline using GitHub Actions?


